docs/README.md, before:

# Abp.DynamicPermission

[![ABP version](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/xml?style=flat-square&color=yellow&label=abp&query=%2F%2FProject%2FPropertyGroup%2FAbpVersion&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FEasyAbp%2FAbp.DynamicPermission%2Fmaster%2FDirectory.Build.props)](https://abp.io)
[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared)
[![NuGet Download](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/EasyAbp/Abp.DynamicPermission?style=social)](https://www.github.com/EasyAbp/Abp.DynamicPermission)

An ABP module that allows you to define and grant dynamic permissions in runtime.

## Installation

1. Install the following NuGet packages. ([see how](https://github.com/EasyAbp/EasyAbpGuide/blob/master/docs/How-To.md#add-nuget-packages))

    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Application
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Application.Contracts
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.EntityFrameworkCore
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.HttpApi
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.HttpApi.Client
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.MongoDb
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Web

1. Add `DependsOn(typeof(AbpDynamicPermissionXxxModule))` attribute to configure the module dependencies. ([see how](https://github.com/EasyAbp/EasyAbpGuide/blob/master/docs/How-To.md#add-module-dependencies))

## Usage

Todo.

## Road map

Todo.

Commit message:

Add GitHub action files. Complete README.md. Remove unused localization items. Fix the permission definition edit modal.

docs/README.md, after:

# Abp.DynamicPermission

[![ABP version](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/xml?style=flat-square&color=yellow&label=abp&query=%2F%2FProject%2FPropertyGroup%2FAbpVersion&url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FEasyAbp%2FAbp.DynamicPermission%2Fmaster%2FDirectory.Build.props)](https://abp.io)
[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared)
[![NuGet Download](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/EasyAbp/Abp.DynamicPermission?style=social)](https://www.github.com/EasyAbp/Abp.DynamicPermission)

An ABP module that allows you to define and grant dynamic permissions in runtime.

## Installation

1. Install the following NuGet packages. ([see how](https://github.com/EasyAbp/EasyAbpGuide/blob/master/docs/How-To.md#add-nuget-packages))

    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Application
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Application.Contracts
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Domain.Shared
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.EntityFrameworkCore
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.HttpApi
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.HttpApi.Client
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.MongoDb
    * EasyAbp.Abp.DynamicPermission.Web

1. Add `DependsOn(typeof(AbpDynamicPermissionXxxModule))` attribute to configure the module dependencies. ([see how](https://github.com/EasyAbp/EasyAbpGuide/blob/master/docs/How-To.md#add-module-dependencies))

## Usage

1. Use the management page to define a dynamic permission.

2. Grant the new permission to roles or users.

![DynamicPermissionDefinitions](/docs/images/DynamicPermissionDefinitions.png)
![EditRolePermissions](/docs/images/EditRolePermissions.png)

## Road map

Todo.
